hundreds of porsche finals about tour saucepan
I want to go Uyar
atmosphere in the corridor to the edge of the spring
cashier is not from Belarus then Kazakhstan
yes already live also in another round for
lost only 20 wine a month to stop
thousand with praise uvalno Batu who driving to
casting from group and petrenko
alla escort deer pischikova from belarus
provernuv in vue pavilion maiden speech
losharik yak ensign and in the heat lurks up
heels survival to lieutenants lena soloist
Band of the Republic of Belarus
all mischief treats me very gently
very reverently and carefully when I go out
on stage even the most senior
officials lose some control
lidochka if suddenly you walk like this
will affect your general career
military man cognac was not
applicants to lead orchestra
participated in the competition I want you take
must get ready to go and tear up there
of all
rovio wanting charged companionable
Comrade Warrant Officer Say That He
Minister ts
belarus you feel sympathy already in
should they be a fellow colonel
i am just starting my service but in via
gru let go of the employee basically said
do not go back home and make up ours
countries of ours you wrote what to
to get into the game you are ready for sex with
the producer truth i would say no more
probably ready to surrender to slavery right away
giblets therefore
share with me what you want feudalism
Belarus service in the newspapers read
why only spa radius want lead
ca n't you practice
brotherhood i'm ready only by the producer
Leading I can show what
want side warrior salutation
a bucket I wouldn't be here and
so provocative would not respond to
sing your questions
must
the idea
send
but
Yes
rosava
or
but
freestyle igor already
pimple saliva wants to talk and rubs
arms
First, I congratulate the Ministry of Emergency Situations of Belarus with
such employees with such extraordinary
Forms absolutely secondly, I congratulate
orchestra
misery such a repertoire in the third course
I just admire your voice
and while you sang in a shirt it was
ok and not anymore
when you took off the shirt it was
fine i want your voice
sounded brilliant do not and to
I am sorry you are not a producer of the peel
no no no not for me but for you but
if you unpack there is nothing
so I have all closed the topic please I
this is not closed where my really
If you express it here no one
calm also not worth it water it
there was just a check check that i
would not allow a ravine quite good moments
I'm just sitting here and waiting when it comes
it. I poured on the field and you are the opposite
behaved very well because it
do not need to be very correct
point in our program makes a producer
Konstantin show my love
Lena Well, it seems to me that you have passed all
tests that are possible in our
project means today you
passed them with honor but the most important thing is
what pleased me the most
probably your desire to surrender to
slavery producer
it is perfectly what you need
you pass
Well
in the next round they are all with us
congratulations
I honestly at some point, I already
believed that now that one comes
the moment when she starts to undress if
she would do that she would be with
ricom seemed to him a man not in him
No and whether she did not succumb to provocations
Jim and deserved the sympathy of all was not in
the jury I scrubs Belarusian Persians and
missed and the druid grandfather
guys on base triple hooray went on and
the floor they are so very from the best participants
threads to grumble at us here ny round
casting
give a 1001 probes from which
thousand and without makeup for the bone antenna was
behind the duo the natural spit is important
and photos can dramatically in points
on the filing of the share of girls we have intent
I am the most beautiful junior lieutenant